There is another option if you want to run cattle in code, right?
So if you go to Google and type cattle in playground, this should show up.
So I'm going to click this first link and should take us to a page like this.
Now you may not see this.
In fact, you may see something a little bit different with a little bit of code or comments at the
top here.
The reason why it's like this is because I've been here before.
And so it's saved what I had written before.
So you probably are going to have something like this that says hello, world of some sort and some
code or comment at the top of me.
That doesn't matter.
What matters is that this it's what you call Scotland playground.
So it's a place where you can come and write code Kotlin code and run it and see the results.
So it's really simple and easy and fast if you want just something real quick.
Instead of going through the IDP Android Studio, as I showed you, you can come straight here and start
typing Kotlin code.
So it's a really great place.
It's a playground, right?
So you go and play with some ideas and learn stuff in this case, codling.
So in this case, here you can do the same thing.
If you see that we have the fun main and it's a function, right?
And then inside you have this print L.N. or print could be print as well.
The print Ellen works.
In fact, if I go like this, I think this will work.
I see.
Yes, it will work.
Print Alan its print line, which means going to go to a different line each time.
But anyway, print, he's going to print Hello World.
As you see there, if I say print Alan, slightly different, of course, going to print a new line
every time we want to print something else anyway.
OK, so that's the main point here is that we can do the same thing we did in our Android Studio.
I can say foul, just say name.
Set it to something, James.
OK and change here and invoke James the variable.
I can just put the dollar sign and say name.
It even has code suggestion, which is real handy.
All right.
And going to go ahead and run, we should see in the second.
Hello, James, forget it.
So that's another option.
And there are a lot of things you can do with in codling playground, I should say, one of which is
you can share this code here for click here.
You can embed medium embed out of places.
There is a code.
You can actually copy this and send to your friends or somebody to look at your code.
OK.
So really, there's hands on as examples and so forth, but I like this option as well.
If you want to exploit it more than welcome or you can just stick it to Android Studio.
It doesn't really matter.
All right.
There you have it.
You have another option, which is codling playground.